Now this basic use case also works with NodeJS,
there we're rendering this view on the server and therefore, we got a real web server up and running
which we would deploy onto a real server
and now there, of course we can also add, let's say a public folder in which we have a scripts folder
and I will just move all my content into this scripts folder. I'll copy that or I'll move that uc-components
folder from the basic project into that scripts folder in the public folder in the Node project, copy
it in there
and now to serve that
in app.js, I just need to make sure that we actually serve that public folder statically with
app use express static and then it's the public folder.
Again this is just some NodeJS logic so that we can import from that public folder and then in my view here,
I also add a script tag and the source here is public scripts uc-components and then, it's my
this file name here.
So let's copy that file name.js
at the end
and now let's try it here too. Let's add the uc-stock-price and now we can run this project a
bit different,
we need to start that Node server there, by the way,
we should not start with public here, just with scripts because it automatically assumes you are in the public
folder because we're statically serving that
but now we need to run that server by navigating into that Node folder and then running npm start.
However before this works, we actually need to run npm install to install all dependencies on this project
and then we can run npm start and this will start up the Node server here,
you can find that on http://www.localhost:3000 and there again, we have our component being loaded and working.
So this is also copied into but now into a Node project where the views are generated on the server.